



JOSE Working Group                                            C. Bormann
Internet-Draft                                               SPRIND GmbH
Intended status: Standards Track                             22 May 2026
Expires: 23 November 2026


        JSON Web Proofs with BBS and Optional ECDSA Key Binding
                  draft-bormann-jwp-modular-bbs-latest

Abstract

   This document specifies a digital credential format that combines
   JSON Web Proofs (JWP) with the BBS signature scheme and a modular
   sub-proof framework supporting committed disclosure.  The format
   supports selective disclosure of signed attributes, predicate sub-
   proofs (such as range, equality, and set-membership proofs) over
   undisclosed attributes, and optional device binding through a sub-
   proof of knowledge of an ECDSA P-256 signature under a device public
   key embedded in the BBS messages.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at https://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on 23 November 2026.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2026 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents (https://trustee.ietf.org/
   license-info) in effect on the date of publication of this document.
   Please review these documents carefully, as they describe your rights
   and restrictions with respect to this document.  Code Components
   extracted from this document must include Revised BSD License text as
   described in Section 4.e of the Trust Legal Provisions and are
   provided without warranty as described in the Revised BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction
   2.  IANA Considerations
   Appendix A.  Acknowledgments
   Author's Address

1.  Introduction

   TODO

2.  IANA Considerations

   TODO

Appendix A.  Acknowledgments

   TODO

Author's Address

   Christian Bormann
   SPRIND GmbH
   Email: chris.bormann@gmx.de
